Now,
let's take the five process groups of traditional project
management and compare and contrast them to Agile.
So across the top, we'll put the five traditional process groups.
Conception and initiation, planning, execution,
performance and monitoring, and closure.
And over on the left, we have the Agile and I made these columns, as well.
So on the far left, we'll come down with the Agile process groups.
Project, release, iteration and daily work.
And what I'm going to do then is I'm going to put into
each of these columns and row intersections to cells how
they relate to the traditional.
So let's start with project.
Business case.
That would be like conception and initiation.
Project kick-off.
That would be like planning.
Iterative and incremental delivery of working software.
That's the Agile term and we'll be doing that in execution.
Regular reviews and deliverables, progress and process.
That's similar to performance and monitoring.
And we have our project retrospectives and in the traditional,
we call that closure.
Now, for the release row.
Roadmap and release definition.
That would relate to conception and initiation.
Release planning would be like our regular planning.
Iterative and incremental delivery of working software, again, execution.
Regular reviews of deliverables and progress and process,
that'd be like performance and monitoring.
And release retrospective.
Next would be iteration.
Iteration planning would be like conception and initiation.
Iteration planning, again like planning.
Work features through to completion, that's execution.
Task boards, charts, stand-ups,
acceptance of features would be like performance and monitoring.
An iteration demo review and retrospective would be like closure.
Next is daily work.
That'd be like morning hellos (laughs) for initiating the day.
Daily stand-ups would be our daily planning.
Just working the task through to completion.
That's execution.
Attention to blockers and solutions would be like performance and monitoring.
And closure would be the task and burndown chart.
So what I've tried to do here is show roughly how the Agile
process groups and all the Agile work would overlay the
traditional project planning.
I think it gives you a nice relative view.
If you're familiar with the traditional project approach now
you can see how we relate to the Agile.
If you're familiar with the Agile approach,
now you can see how we relate to the traditional approach,
as well.
Okay, on to a great quote.
Here's a good quote.
"However beautiful the strategy, "you should occasionally look at the results.
" The point of this slide is that with Agile and Scrum,
you have what's called the retrospective.
I have seen quite often in the workplace that project
closures and retrospectives are usually never performed
since everyone is just too busy.
Now that is a mistake.
It is important that an Agile retrospective meeting is
held at the end of each iteration, each release,
and of course, at the end of the project.
Much can be learned and improved upon.
And it greatly helps morale, as well. Okay, now let's summarize this module.